React/JS Engineer
Experience: React 1+ years, Modern JavaScript 2+ years, HTML/SCSS 3+ years

Job Description
You will be working on the front-end of enterprise-level web applications collaborating with our back-end team, building admin interfaces & frontend experience for custom ERP solutions, eCommerce sites, video conferencing tools & startup platforms.


Your day-to-day responsibilities will be:

Developing UI components and functionalities with ReactJS
Optimizing state management solutions
Proposing and engineering front-end stack improvements
Producing clean, a11y and semantic HTML
Producing UI interactions and animations
Producing modern CSS with SCSS
Working closely with our design and back-end team 
QA, Testing and suggesting improvements
Proactive thinking about workflow efficiency improvements
Occasional presentation to show off solutions and tools you are working with, for the purpose of all-around company education. If you’re not that type… never mind!
 

Requirements:

Excellent knowledge of ReactJS ecosystem, including; state management with Redux, Component lifecycle, Hooks, Routing…
Excellent knowledge of modern JavaScript spanning beyond ReactJS ecosystem
Experience in working with REST APIs
Excellent knowledge of HTML5 and SCCS/CSS is a must
Experience with package managers
Experience with GIT
Experience working with Webpack, Babel and linters
Attention to details
Performance, speed and scalability optimization
Writing clean and reusable code
Good teamwork skills
 

Other good to know’s:

Redux-Saga
Redux Form (would be extremely beneficial to know)
Next.js (or other React SSR and static generation solutions)
Experience in building video-conferencing and real-time communication solutions (WebRTC, WebSockets/EventSource, Vonage TokBox, Jitsi)
Experience building Higher-Order Components
Experience with React testing tools
CSS Modules
Web Accessibility (a11y)
SEO best practices
Familiarity with BEM naming convention
Familiarity with JSON:API specification
Experience in working with (or within stack of) Symphony, Laravel or WordPress
Entry to medium level of PHP
 

Why join us?

Let’s give you a few details, other stuff we can cover later during an interview.

There are currently about 35 of us in AM2, headquarters are in Zagreb and another office in Banja Luka with, but almost 50% of our team is scattered around a number of cities and countries working remotely. You can learn from a diverse team.
We have a flexible working environment, you can adjust your working hours and place of work however you see fit. If you’d like to join us in our Zagreb or Banja Luka office, you’ll find a working station waiting for you but it’s not a requirement.
We have a Canadian company myZone Media which altogether with AM2 counts about 60 people all over the world. Be a part of a multinational team.
You will be additionally compensated according to your contribution. If we have hired you it means you have the required knowledge and experience, but what makes the difference is your commitment, speed, ability to think outside of the box, your enthusiasm, and proactive thinking. We will track your progress closely and act accordingly.
Yeah, we tend to go on various team building activities and dev retreats. We also have a policy of sending all team members to at least one conference per year. This is a bit challenging in 2020 due to COVID-19, but we can’t wait for the next dev retreat that will bring us on into one big house with a pool and barbeque.
 

More about AM2 Studio
 

Our mission – Why do we do what we do?
We believe in building a Happy & Positive work environment, where team members can grow and strive personally and professionally, where we create & bring value to our clients and to the world.

Our vision: How do we do it?
We focus on providing top quality web solutions for our clients, in an enjoyable well structured & stressless process, that enable our clients to grow their business and optimize their time. We do so by ensuring we continually learn and improve, by providing an environment of education, mentorship & life balance for our team. We aim to continually challenge ourselves ensuring we always move forward.

We have been a flexible & remote company from Day 01 ever since we started hiring in 2013, and that has given us quite a lot of time to figure out how to create a really good remote work environment. Working remotely, and working in a flexible environment is not a new thing for us that we were forced into in 2020. Every single process in the company, from detailed & automated onboarding, to weekly check-ins, monthly & quarterly reviews, as well as continually setting up personal objectives, has been set up to work seamlessly and to scale. The way we manage our projects has been refined over and over again, to a point where everyone can have an enjoyable process from our Project Managers, to the Development team and ultimately our Clients. We never stop improving what we do and how we do it.
We are continually investing in building our own products, to be more precise, we reinvested more than $2M in profit from client work into Product development. Our flagship products are myzonetickets.com, an event ticketing platform operating in the North American market, and Agency Management Suite – an ERP that optimizes and automates running a digital agency, which is still in its infancy but already highly developed and we’re using it internally. Working on Product development forces us to continually invest in top-quality architecture, refactoring, and staying current with the latest industry trends.

If you think you would be a good fit in our environment, let’s talk!